I have to admit, some good things came out of my pursuit of being a normal person. It was around the time I started working as a student employee in a holiday park. I met some new people, so I got a fair chance.

The first day at my weekend job, I was expecting I had to clean dishes all day. Somehow, I ended up baking and selling hotdogs to the visitors. It was way better than what I expected and boss was pretty happy about my work at the end of the day. It felt like finally someone trusted me and gave me responsibilities. It felt good that I could finally do something useful and the day became even better when I was waiting for my train home. Two people were waiting for the same train. One of them, Christine asked me if I also worked at the holiday park that day. And that's how I got into my first decent conversation ever. We talked about our day and what we did at school. I had no idea making friends could be that easy.

That's how I kept finding courage to get through high school. At high school itself, it seemed like no one liked me, but I knew it wasn't true. I knew there was a bright world outside where some nice people wanted to meet me and wanted to talk to me. The fourth year was almost over, only two years to go and then everything would be so much better. I would go into computer science, beat everyone else, start my own company, earn billions and watch a reunion of my classmates from my personal helicopter.

During that summer vacation, I worked at the holiday park as well. It became pretty much my only interest. Not the work itself, but the people, my colleagues, I liked them. I felt like everyone liked me there. Jup, I was that one crazy person who enjoyed a stressful crappy student job and didn't even care about the money.

Guess who also started working at the holiday park? Sophia. We became friends again and her friends became mine as well. Unfortunately, every beautiful song has an end, summer disappeared and so did my good mood. The fifth year of high school was coming up and it was formally known as the hardest year to get through.

I noticed that during the fifth year of high school I became more mature, but I also noticed that I had some big issues I couldn't solve. No one seemed to like me at that God forgotten place. I called the road from home to school the 'highway to hell' and unfortunately that name was accurate in both directions. I realized some problems I had grown so big I could no longer fix them, I could only learn how to live with them.

As a reader, you're probably expecting me to give some more examples of me being bullied and some horrible stories, but guess what, I'm not going to. The bullying is only one part of the story and to be honest, I don't remember that much about it. I don't remember all details of when what happened. I only remember how I felt at the time, lonely and I felt like everyone was hating me. It was me against the world.

There are three interesting things I do remember of my fifth year of high school. First of all, I remember that I had a lot of online conversations with Isabelle, Sophia's friend. She really did help me getting through though times. So, in case she ever starts to read this simple story, there's perhaps something I should say here. Dear Isabelle, we both know your name isn't actually Isabelle. But somehow you do know I'm talking about you. You were pretty much the first person I ever talked with about everything that was going on. Maybe you didn't care as much as I think you did but you helped me further. I don't remember thanking you for that, so, thank you, thank you a lot.

Secondly, I had a huge online fight with Sophia. Why everything happened online? Simple, I never left home except for work and school. At school, everyone talked a lot to people they shared classes with, but I didn't share classes with them. During the fight, I said I had autism and she replied that everyone already knew that. I was upset and sent a lot of horrible stuff to her, which I shouldn't have. She probably never meant it the wrong way. That's how I lost a friend. So, Sophia, in case you're reading this: I'm sorry, I really am.

The fight with Sophia made me realize that a lot of people probably knew about the autism longer than I did. I had no idea who knew and what exactly they knew. That's how I decided to tell everyone myself. I discussed it with someone of the pupil help center and we decided to do it during the religion classes. He made an intro and explained what ASS meant. He told everyone I had ASS and asked me if I had to add something.

Then I stood up, the entire classroom was completely silent. Once standing there I had no idea what I had to say, so I told everyone that I could act weird in some stressful cases. They had to give me a break sometimes and I could use some space when I was being stressed.

After that, the guy who helped me asked if anyone had any further questions. It stayed silent for some time, it took minutes till Lucas eventually raised his hand. “I don't have any questions, I just want to say respect for what you just did”. This was kind of the only time I felt respected and accepted by all of those people.

There's one more thing I remember about that year. It was that one day I biked home and the old car was gone. I wasn't asking any questions till I went inside and saw my sister crying. Two of mother's ex-colleagues were in the living room as well.

Apparently, my mom texted some people she had enough of her life and wasn't reachable during the last hours. My sister was crying because she was afraid she wouldn't see her mother back. I was... well... in case you felt any empathy or had any respect for me while you were reading this story so far, I have to warn you. It's going to be destroyed in when you read the next couple of sentences. You can call me insensitive, the source of all evil, crazy or a bad person. The thing is, on the first page, I promised not to lie, so the right thing to do now, is telling the truth and nothing but the truth.

I was hoping she wouldn't come back. I knew, whenever she would return and I expected her to, she would yell at me and my sister and we would be the scapegoats. I wasn't afraid of losing my mother, because somehow I already lost her a long time ago. I was afraid a demon would return, a demon who would say the whole world and everything was bad. A demon who would call me worthless. A demon who took away my mom.

Eventually, she did show up, at home. I called her brother, the family needed to know. Not that we had any close connection, but maybe he know what to do. He immediately called an ambulance and they took her away. Well, for two hours, after that, they released her.
