# My own life

Although I left home, finally started my own life, I wasn't living the happy life yet. Like I said, my mother was still there, in the mirror. But I could no longer blame anyone else. I had to fix it myself, I had to take care of myself. Something I avoided doing quite some time.

Although I had one good friend at my job, Benjamin, I felt disconnected from my colleagues. Most of them were a couple of years older than I were. I didn't dare to speak up about how I felt, but I often didn't feel well. I sometimes didn't agree with what they said and didn't speak up. But that led to frustrations and I started to hate my job, still mostly because of feelings instead of reasons.

Then there was this theme event. At first, I didn't want to join but then my colleagues convinced me I had to. So, I went on a SkiTrip with the rest of the MeetPeople team. One evening, I was joining a conversation between some colleagues and the CEO of the company. He said “when you don't like someone, you just fire them, trust me”. I had no idea why he was saying that, but I felt pretty uncomfortable. The next evening, I was really sad, because I felt lonely, I didn't think those people were my friends. I mean how could I know? They never told me they were. I felt like I didn't belong there.

The next day, I had lunch with some colleagues, one of them being our product manager. He asked me whether I liked my job. I told him I didn't, that I hated my job. He seemed a bit shocked and I tried to limit the damage by saying I wanted to do more front end work than I was currently doing. The last day of the trip I showed some colleagues a project I had been working on in my spare time. We got into a discussion if it was legally spoken company property or not. The company was most probably never going to do anything with it anyhow, but I took the discussion to the next level. I kept complaining for hours, because I felt like doing so.

One of the next days after the ski trip, our CTO asked me to meet him. He asked me if everything was alright. I told him I wasn't feeling alright. That I was diagnosed with autism and had a lot of trouble connecting with people. I kept on talking. I even told him about the 24th of April. Somehow I noticed I gave him an answer he wasn't expecting.

The next week, I started a two week holiday. The college I went to gave me the opportunity to go with them on a trip to San Francisco. I took the chance and went. I somehow had the feeling my current job could come to an end soon. That's why I started looking for another job, there in San Francisco. That's where I met Andrew, one of the two CEO's of SalesIncreazer. The company started out in Belgium, but got very ambitious and also had an office here. I remember how I introduced myself. I told him I was working at MeetPeople, a company he once also worked for.

It seemed so perfect, maybe I was finally getting a sequel of my American dream. So, during the trip, I got an interview at their office. They only got one open position there: full stack developer, so I applied for that. That was the moment I realized I wasn't as good I thought I was. They asked me questions related to dynamical programming. Something I never learned at college and never needed at my current job. With the worst feeling of failure, I went home, although, they did schedule a second interview in Ghent.

The first Thursday back at work, the CTO asked me to follow him to the boarding room. I had to take my laptop with me, which was company property in matter of fact. We were already sitting when the CEO also came in. I could already feel what was going to happen. This was my last day at the company, but before I had to leave, they gave me a 'golden handshake'. I could still use the company's phone, internet, phone subscription, insurance, car and gasoline for the next three months. They were also willing to pay me for three more months, while only seven weeks was legally required. They also offered me an outplacement, which contained some psychological help, I guess. I never took it, but I accepted everything else he offered.

There are multiple ways to look at this. You could actually state my ex-boss was a pretty cool guy. He gave me way more than he had to and even offered some kind of psychological help. Maybe he did care about me and hoped I was going to get better. This was however not the way I looked at it. It felt like they wanted to get rid of me, not because of I were incapable of doing but job, but because of my emotions, my personality and so on. I started to remember the words he said earlier “if you don't like someone, you just fire them, trust me”. I had no idea whether he liked me or not, but I felt a lot of my colleagues didn't like me. Somehow, that feeling got confirmed.

Luckily, I had an interview scheduled with SalesIncreazer. Unfortunately, it didn't go well, I wan't going to get the job in San Francisco. I decided to ask if they had any front end positions in their Ghent office. Some time passed and another interview passed, but I got myself a new job, in Ghent. Who knows, maybe one day I got promoted and could work at their other office.
