# SalesIncreazer

SalesIncreazer had a bigger IT department, than my previous job. more people, so bigger chances of finding at least some friends. I noticed I had to learn a lot, I never used Angular before and they're entire codebase was written with it. I had no experience with automated testing, which were a requirement here.

After a couple of weeks, I got my first big project assigned, together with a backend engineer Michel and another front end engineer Frank. Frank really wanted to take the lead of the project. He asked how we could split work and I honestly had no idea. I just proposed he started with everything related to handling the API calls and I would start with the user interface.

One problem, the UI was much more work than the API handling. I tried to do whatever I could to get it everything done as quickly as possible. But during the development of the project, there were some iterations, some extra work came up and the initial was going to be crossed. This felt like failure, because I thought I had to deliver it in time. I started working harder, faster and longer. Eight hours a day became ten, but that was not enough. Ten hours became twelve and twelve hours sometimes even became sixteen. Did they ask me to do that? No they didn't, but I wanted to deliver in time.

I didn't feel Frank was willing to help me in any way. He was more managing the project than actually building it. He started reporting more and more issues about the project, I always replied I would fix it but had no time right now, because there were way more issues to tackle. Did I ask him to implement some things himself? No, I didn't. After all, he he was working there longer than I did and I felt I had to prove myself.

We didn't finish the project within time and I felt like I failed. However, nobody got mad about it, everyone seemed to understand a lot of unforeseen stuff needed to be tackled. Well, I couldn't take it. I had to finish everything as soon possible, kept on pushing and working. Because of all the pushing, the quality of the code I wrote decreased tremendously. Every code you wrote needed to be reviewed by another developer, and it got rejected a lot of times. I got a lot of comments on how I could improve my code, but already knew most of those things. I just wanted to take shortcuts to get everything done faster. So, how did I plan to tackle that? By working more hours.

That one week, I started at nine o clock, as usual. I also left the office at a reasonable time. But, after dinner, it was time for 'the real stuff'. At work, I felt like I got disturbed all the time and couldn't get enough work done. In the evening, no body could disturb, so I could get more work done. That particular I worked every night till two in the morning or even later, I don't remember that well. Then I got around six hours of sleep, didn't eat breakfast and biked to work. I kept on doing this for four days straight. By then, we were Thursday afternoon. I could no longer concentrate myself. I separated myself from the other developers and went to the standing desks. Frank came to me and said we needed to discuss how we were going to tackle the rest of the project. I asked him to leave me alone, that I did everything I could to finish the project. I started to ignore him for the rest of the day. I was mad at him, but I needed sleep badly.

Eventually, our lead of engineering took Frank from the project. I had to finish up the front end myself and Michel was still doing the backend. Everything went better from that moment and I did discuss everything that needed to be discussed with Michel. It took some more time till we could finally publish the first version. I finally felt relieved, it was not perfect, we already had a list of things we needed to fix on the next version, but finally something went live.

Some weeks later, an update got announced. The company decided to put a VP of engineering in place. Someone who was no programmer, had probably never written any line of code. Even before I met him, I knew this wouldn't end well. He could not judge about my code quality, so what was he going to look at? How could I be a good employee to him?

During the first week of his career, he started to observe the company. It was during one of his first days he invited me for a meeting. He told me he felt like I wasn't a good team player. He didn't say I wasn't a good team player, he said he felt that way. What's the difference? By telling someone you feel like that, you're not directly attacking that person. It's not the fault of the person you're talking to, you're just expressing the way you're thinking about the situation. Although he did express it like that, I felt attacked. Am I not a team player? I was thinking, should I mention the A-word here, but I decided not to.

I told him my colleagues needed to give me a fair chance. I told him I was working very hard and I wanted to do everything I could to improve my skills. At the end I told him I wanted to become a team player but that I wanted clear feedback as well. I wanted clear instructions on how I could improve myself. He told me I had to talk to my new team manager Ron, so I did. But Ron didn't really know what to say. The only thing he told me was that I joked too much during stand up meetings and I promised him to work on that.

There's some part of the story I forgot to mention. By that time, I was seeing a psychologist on a weekly basis. I had always been against psychologists because, let's face it, they labelled me with autism, they also told me I needed special treatment and so on. She was different and way better than I expected. We didn't talk about autism, we talked about work, about what happened in my daily life. We talked about what happened before and how I could prevent those things from happening again. She assigned me tasks, like I had to relax sometimes and she also helped me to prepare the meeting with Ron. That's how I owned that meeting and I felt Ron was willing to help me.

It's because of my psychologist, I started inline skating and even running some times. I didn't understand why I had always been against sports. It was a fun thing to do and I was less stressed since I started sporting every now and then. I was changing and people started to notice. Ron told me I was doing my job better than before. I was no longer stressed about getting fired. Everything was still the same, but it felt different.

Not everything got magically fixed though, I needed time. I was still living in a very crappy studio and got molt in there. I started talking about it at work, but maybe a bit too much. I felt like I had to move to another place, but didn't dare because I already signed a contract for a year.

At the end of 2014, I made an online year overview. About a magical year, because I went to the US, I escaped home and got my first job. It was a good way to use my skills for something personal and I felt I could finally be proud about something. At the end of 2015, I decided to make another one. Most of the events that year weren't that positive, I got fired and had a lot of horrible experiences. A though year, but still I wanted to do it.

When creating the year overview, I became mad at my previous boss again. He told me “If don't like someone, you just fire them” and it pissed me of. So that's how I put 'getting fired at MeetPeople' in my year overview. But I didn't stop there. As a 'prank', I made a button 'download the MeetPeople source code here' that linked to a Rick Astley video clip. At the bottom of the page I added some 'quotes of 2015'. Guess which quote I put there. Yes, indeed, it was there along other quotes with his name underneath it.

I released the project in the beginning of 2016, on a Monday. At the end of the week, the VP of engineering asked me to see him and to take my laptop (well company property in matter of fact) with me. Ron was also sitting there. The VP told me he had to let me go but in a sophisticated way. You know, without attacking the person you're talking to. In the particular way that you won't feel like it's your fault.

I did ask why and they told me I wasn't getting along with my colleagues enough. Well, pretty much the team player thing but described pretty vaguely. I wanted to say something and then I brought it up. “Yeah, maybe that's true, I have been diagnosed with autism after all”. You could see his face changing. He told me he had no idea and that I could not keep that a secret. He advised me to tell my employers in the future and then asked me to turn everything in.

I jumped on my bike, was almost crying and I were sad and angry at the same time. Then I thought about using my frustrations and turning it into something productive. I thought about the other Belgian company I met in San Francisco. I thought about using my creativity and imagination to apply for job there. I bought a new computer with the money I had left and started coding. I didn't apply for jobs during the first week, but started coding, an entire week long. I made a script that could be executed on their website. When executed, it started the 'job hunter game'. When you won the game, you got a link to my LinkedIN profile.

I put a lot of effort into the code quality, people needed to see I was a good coder. So unit tests, a CI, code coverage reports, everything. That's probably why it took me an entire week to build. Unfortunately, I didn't get the job so I started applying for jobs in Belgium. I am proud to say that I got hired at another company based on the project I made. The source code was publicly available and they took a look at it.

The first weekend after I got fired, I sent a message to Andrew. I wrote him about how I still remembered how we met in San Francisco. I thanked him for all chances he gave me but also told him I felt discriminated because of my autism. It was a long and emotional message, but in the end, it was how I felt at the time. A couple of days later he replied. He told me to never give up but that the company had to fire me. He wished me best of luck.
