# Trouble

At the beginning of the second year of college, I asked to switch groups, so I wouldn't have to deal with Kelly that often. I also would see Justin, my best friend in school, less often. To be honest, he sometimes said some horrible stuff to me as well, so I didn't care that much. He loved to laugh with my handicap although he knew I was struggling with it. You would think, with a friend as Justin, you need no enemies, but he helped me sometimes as well. I had sometimes difficulties to figure out whether I had to like or dislike him.

A new year also meant new dorm mates. Maarten and Jolien were still there, but Alex was gone. Four new students joined the building, all four female. We came along pretty well, but it was different. They were younger than Alex was, and no offense, less mature. I think they saw me as a friend, but I also think none of there friends told the kind of stories I had to tell. I don't wanna sound to negative here, they took me to a lot of parties and were actual friends, but it was different than what I was used to.

Everything was going pretty well, I had nothing to complain about, even the day of that one party. It started in our dorm. We were drinking a lot of beer before we went to a party. When we arrived there, I felt like no one really cared about me. I felt lonely, although there were so many people around me. I felt empty and worthless. I walked outside, took my bike and went for ride. I rode to the bridge, the bridge over the highway.

When I arrived there, I had no idea what was next. Did I fight all those years to feel lonely again? Did I actually have friends? Did anyone actually care about me? Was there someone in the entire world who actually liked me? I climbed over the rails and stood there, only 5cm away of falling down. I kept myself tight onto the rails. The highroad seemed so empty and actually not dangerous, it didn't seem that high at all. Did I dare to jump? I somehow didn't feel I wanted to, but I didn't want to go back neither. I was standing there for quite some time. I suddenly heard people screaming something at me. I had no idea what they were shouting. Then I felt someone pulling my arms. Now I knew I were in deep trouble. Now I had to jump, I just had to. I released my hands and started pushing my body forward. But now multiple people were pulling and they were pulling harder than before.

Seconds later, someone pulled me over the rails and smacked me to the ground. People were keeping me on the ground and I couldn't move. I saw a taxi next to me, one of those people had to be a taxi driver. Someone took my wallet and I couldn't resist, but they didn't steal it. They were looking for my name. Next thing I noticed were the cops showing up. They took me inside their combi and asked me a couple of questions. I couldn't really give an explanation and they brought me to the hospital, the same hospital I ended up the first time.

Only difference: this time I didn't get there voluntarily. I started shouting I wanted to go home but they didn't let me. They took some blood and measured the alcohol percentage, I had 0,16% which was a new record to me. They put me into bed and told me I couldn't leave. Despite all the trouble I got myself into, I still hoped Maarten or Jolien could help me out of there. So I texted them and they showed up a little bit later. I begged them, “please tell them to let me go, I can explain everything”. But the nurses wouldn't let me go and they asked Jolien and Maarten to leave.

I went through kind of the same procedure as the first time, but I asked them not to call my mother. In the morning I had to talk to another psychologist. She already knew it wasn't the first time. I told her I drunk too much and had no idea what I was doing. After some annoying questions and yet another appointment with a psychologist I knew I was going to cancel, I could finally leave the hospital and went back to my dorm.

I had a talk with Maarten, but I didn't succeed at telling the full story, so it was more small talk. I decided not to take any classes that day and prepared myself to go home. As always, I got back on track real quick, but this became my life, ups and downs, but extreme ups and downs.
