# High school

High school was educated in the same building as the last three years of my primary education. I chose a pretty nice level to start with, known as 'modern sciences'. We got all kinds of different courses, five days a week. I had a bunch of pretty cool classmates as well as a couple of cool teachers. The one I rather didn't have as a teacher, was my history teacher, because I usually saw her enough. I mean, I already wrote about her, you know, that one woman who gave birth to me.

That's around the time I started to realize the importance of privacy and what having a lack of them can do to a person. Whatever I did, thought or felt seemed to be reported right away to my mother. I didn't want that, because I felt misunderstood by her. Or at least I felt she shouted at me more than she listened. Enough bad things about her, let's continue my high school story.

I have to admit, high school didn't start that bad at all. I mean most people were friendly to me, I got pretty good grades. Everything felt like a fresh start and it felt like I got fair chances. I liked courses like French, Maths, Dutch and I became one of those weird kids who liked school. So everything was beautiful and what could possibly ever go wrong?

How it started? I don't remember. When it started? Must have been somewhat before the Christmas holidays. It was around the time I told my father I hated him and he decided no longer to force having contact with me and my sister. I remember one of my friends being kind of an asshole to me. It started out with small stuff, like stealing my books and giving back to me after two days. It were some little problems, but I had no idea how to tackle them.

When I talked to my mom about being bullied at school, this was usually the response: “Why do you think they're picking on you? Because you act all weird. Stop acting like a handicapped person, you worthless person, and they won't do anything to you”. I had no idea what she meant with the entire 'handicapped' thing but I realized she loved calling me 'worthless' whenever she felt like saying it (or how we pronounce it in our dialect: 'niewèèrd').

So, back to high school where things seem to go at least better than at home. But, I still had no idea how to tackle those small issues. I could go to the student counselor, but I didn't like her, she was like horrible. I had no idea why I thought about her that way, I guess those were just feelings.

Anyhow, since I couldn't solve or handle any of those things, it became worse. More people started taking things from me and saying bad stuff about me. The fact that everybody knew my mom didn't help with all of what was going on. I started to feel like everyone was starring at me. Every day I felt more and more stressed about school and the bullying was getting out of hand.

When you mention the word 'bullying', people think about all kinds of horrible stuff. Usually the things that come to mind are 'getting beaten', 'getting your head stuck down into the toilet' and so on. Of course that's some sorts of bullying, but that's in my opinion not the worst part, only the most visible. The worst part of being bullied to me is having the feeling that people dislike you and don't want to be with you. Stuff like being picked last all the time when teaming up for the sports classes. Or people who turn their back to you when you try having a conversation. Or doing yet another group project on your own because no one wants to work with you.

The harder I tried to get out of that negative spiral, the harder I got back into it. There was no end, no way to stop, nothing I could do. I felt like no one was taking me seriously and I started to laugh at myself. I became a caricature of myself because I no longer wanted to show who I really was. It hurt less if they laughed at who I pretended to be than the person I actually was.

While my self esteem was getting completely destroyed, I was lost connection with the rest of the people at my school. I had no idea how I was going to survive this for 6 years. At first, all of those thoughts weren't affecting my grades, but after some time, also that started to change. There was just no longer a solution. I felt trapped, trapped in a spiral of negativity I couldn't escape from.

One day, a Wednesday, I went home from school. We didn't have classes on a Wednesday afternoon, so it was the perfect timing to do my homework. Although, I didn't do a lot of homework that day. There was no way for me to concentrate in a minimal amount. I kept on thinking about everything that was going on and that there was no one I could talk to. While thinking, I started to procrastinate and played with pretty much everything I could find on my desk. Touching, disassembling and reassembling stuff, that was kind of what I did the entire afternoon.

I disassembled an alarm clock that was standing there while I kept on thinking about how my daily life had to stay the same for six more years. It had a front that was made out of glass, glass with a sharp border. I slowly rolled it over my wrist, leaving a small scar, just bellow my left hand. It didn't seem to hurt, not at all, maybe that's why I did it once more. It took only a couple of minutes till I had six or seven smaller scars on my wrist. After that, I stopped. I had to, what was I even thinking, why did I do it in the first place? Was I getting crazy?

At the end of the day, my stepdad came home and that meant it was time for dinner. When I arrived at the kitchen, my mother noticed the scars immediately. She started yelling at me about what I did and why I did it. Did I need attention? It was because of those things that people bullied me at school. Because I was doing all those things that weren't normal. If I didn't behave different than anyone else, I wouldn't have any problem. My mother kept on yelling why I had to do it and almost hit me. Honestly, I had no idea why I did it, there were no reasons I guess, only feelings...

Later that evening, my stepdad came to my room. He probably got a direct order from the lady of the house. He told me I couldn't do any of those things and that this wouldn't only influence my life but also my mothers career. He asked me what I would tell people at school in case someone noticed. I replied that I would come up with something and would try to minimize everything as much as possible.

It was my French teacher who was the first one to notice. He asked me what was going on with my arm and I told him I had kind of a fight with my cat. I still don't know whether he believed that or not, but he stopped asking questions. Some of my classmates thought it was funny and asked who won the fight, me or the cat. Since I already knew I was the class fool, my answer became 'the cat'. So, that was my story for the rest of the day whenever people asked questions.

Although that was the only time I did something like that ever and never did anything related ever again, I still felt horrible and empty each day. During lunch break, I no longer wanted to be on the playground, where everyone starred at me and laughed at me. 'The son of the history teacher' was suddenly also known as a crazy person, an attention whore. My first year of high school always made me feel like I was some kind of my mothers story, but she wasn't a part of mine.

But enough about my first year of high school, because let's face it, it did end one day. I gave the best I could on my final exams and eventually still got a decent grade. Not good, not the best of the class, but decent, more than enough to pass. That was at least how the school board must have seen it, well, besides my history teacher. She was yelling at me yet another time that my grades went down a lot compared to the ones I got before the Christmas holidays.
