# A technical school

Moving to a technical school could mean a lot of things, one of those could mean a fresh start. Most people didn't know me there, they couldn't possibly have any judgement about me and that made me feel more conformable. I started to like school again, it gave me a break from whatever was going on at home and some people were really nice to me.

Everything seemed to be great and my grades went up again. I learned things pretty well, wasn't bullied at all and felt like I was just like anyone else in the school. The teachers seemed to be happy to have me there and I no longer was 'the child of the history teacher'.

Well, at school things were getting better, but at home, things were getting worse. My mother started a full time job at another school, but couldn't get through with it. After only a week, maybe two, she was sitting home again and that was the only full time job she had ever since. She started drinking more and more, to sleep better she said. She did show some interest in my school life, but it seemed more like an interrogation to me. Mostly because whatever I said, there was always a bad comment coming up or some yelling about how worthless I were.

That's how I stopped talking. Not only at home, but as well at school. Well, I still produced words, but nothing serious. I didn't want to talk about the reality, about how life really was and used to be. I also didn't want to think about what happened the year before. Besides, my second year of high school wasn't that bad at all. It went almost perfect actually, almost...

One of the things I started to notice that year was that it got pretty hard to maintain friendships. Whenever I asked at home if I could go to the theater, or go hang around with friends, my mother fired pretty annoying questions at me. What friends? What's this guy's last name? How have I never heard about him? Why do you want to go? Are you going to behave normal there and not just like one or another handicapped person?

The questions always kept on coming till there was one I had no answer to. For example, when I needed to go to a theater for school I asked if I could go. Then she asked all of the questions above and who I was going to sit next to. The seats for the show were unlisted, so I answered 'I don't know yet'. Then I got another reaction fired at me that sounded something like this: “Are you retarded? How could you possibly not know where you're going to sit? See, that's not normal behavior? Do you think you're acting normal like now? Look at how other children behave themselves! Do you think other children also don't know who they're gonna sit with?”.

This kind of conversations mostly ended up in me almost bursting out of tears screaming I was sorry and no longer wanted to go. I really got afraid of the interrogations and tried to avoid them as much as possible. That unfortunately also led to me never going out and became one of those guys who 'didn't dare to go somewhere'.

Besides all of that, it took a while until I started to have some bad experiences at my new school. There's one thing that comes to mind when I look back to my second and third year of high school: Sophia. I had a crush on her for a very long time. Mostly because she treated me different than most girls I met before, she treated me as a friend. I kept it a secret for a very long time until I told two of my classmates: James and William.

That was one of the worst ideas I ever had. Especially because James was Isabelle's cousin, which was Sophia's best friend. So, somehow, by magic I guess, everyone seemed to know I had a crush on her. Not only the people involved, the entire school seemed to be talking about it. I got really ashamed and didn't dare to talk to her for a long time. But it got worse. Me, Sophia, Isabelle, James and William, all of us went on school camp during the first days of the summer vacation.

School camp was a pretty fun experience, well except maybe for one small detail: I saw William and Sophia kissing. There was even more going on than just kissing, they became a couple. Everyone was very happy for them, but I felt betrayed. How could he do that to me? I trusted him with a secret and now he was getting into a relationship with her? I got upset and had to do something, only I didn't know what I could possibly do. No one seemed to understand why I was so mad at him.

After summer camp, I had to stay a couple of days at my grandma's place. She was a nice person, a bit conservative, but ok. The nicest thing about visiting my grandma was that I had free access to the internet from there. While biking to her place I thought of a horrible plan. I wanted to know how Sophia felt about me and what was going on between her and William, but I was way to afraid to ask. So, my plan was not to talk to her in my own name, but pretending to be somebody else, William.

At my grandma's place, I created a new MSN account with William's first and last name as email address. I invented a nick name that suited to him, something like '^^ William, brave guy, <3 ;)...'. Then I invited Sophia to chat with me from that account. She didn't notice anything suspicious and accepted my request. Somewhat later, I started chatting with her as well. I asked her about her plans for the summer and some other regular stuff. I eventually also found a way to ask her how she thought about me. She said 'iew, no' when I asked her if she had some interest in me.

Wasn't really a confidence booster, but I did realize I went too far. I send her a message from account and admitted everything I did. She was pretty upset and didn't want to talk to me for a long time and I can't blame her for that.
