# Not again

My self esteem was pretty gone the day my fourth year of high school started. After all, I had a horrible summer. At home everything was, well, as messed up as it always had been. My mother had been shouting at me that I had to do a student job all summer. I didn't want to, because I thought I was legally to young and had to wait another year.

The courses I had to take were getting less and less generic and more about physics. I started losing interest in pretty much every course I was participating. After all, what was the point in learning things that didn't interest me? I want to study computer science, programming, creating websites and so on. I wanted to build my social network and not being bothered about yet another generator, motor, force or law Newton invented. In the end, I was already known as 'the guy who hacked someone's MSN account'.

During the fourth year, I met someone I hadn't really time to meet yet: my inner self. First things first, I got bullied again, I think, I didn't really notice. I mean I was pretty lonely all the time and didn't have decent conversations with people. Sometimes someone broke my bike, or tore my jacket. But I didn't thought any of that was considered bullying, I mean it couldn't be happening again. It was probably just me who was being oversensitive. The teachers at my school were usually also convincing me of that.

However, there were some signs that could no longer be ignored. One of them was the yearly list everyone received at the beginning of each year. A questionnaire asking if you were bullied, had bullied someone else or knew someone who was being bullied. Apparently, my name was mentioned the most as someone being bullied. I was invited by the pupil help center, not to pick up my price, but to talk. I told them I didn't really feel that way, but we did meet every now and then, just to follow up if everything was ok.

I didn't feel like being bullied at first, but I was getting more and more signs. People talking trash about me behind my back. Being picked last at sports classes again. Doing group tasks on my own again. I was always thinking 'this cannot be happening again', but it did. One day, I was outraged, someone messed with my jacket and I wanted to talk to a teacher for a change. However, while going there, I calmed myself down. I had a very regular conversation about the jacket with her and moved on. Why am I telling this? Well, the talk had some effect, only not the one I was hoping for.

My mother somehow heard I talked to ms. Pegani about being bullied and about my jacket. She was outraged because I didn't tell her anything. Well, that and the fact that she disliked ms. Pegani. She met her in the past, where she used to teach her as an intern. Everything about ms. Pegani was bad, she shouldn't have been graduated in the first place and it was unacceptable that I preferred talking to her over talking to my own mother. When my mom was outraged like that, she drank more than usual. She started talking trash about me again but then got really drunk. She said, "You should look up the word 'ASS', because guess what, you have it".

I had no idea what any of that meant and went to my bedroom. My stepfather followed me and told me not to care that much about it. I had still no idea what ASS was, but he kept on convincing me that even people like Bill Gates were diagnosed with something like this. But as a reader, I don't expect you to know what ASS means, it's a Dutch term and is also known as 'autism', but with a wider spectrum.

Because my family seemed to be so damn helpful in explaining everything in an objective way, I had to look it up on Wikipedia. According to the free encyclopedia, people who are diagnosed with the term, have usually a lack of communication skills, social interactions and to much stereotype behavior (whatever they mean with that). Whenever I read it, I started to convince myself I didn't have autism and that I was a 'normal' person.

But... What's a normal person like? What music do normal people listen to? Do they eat the same things as I do? Do they dress differently? Do they have better grades than I do? Are they taking the bus to school or do they bike just like me?

Sounds ridiculous, right? Not as ridiculous as trying to be a normal person. Of course 'normal people' has a definition. It's being like anyone else and behaving in a way that is socially acceptable. Every person is different, but when you're in situation behaving the same way as most of the people around you, you're behaving normal. Why am I writing some lines of common sense? To clarify something: acting normal doesn't mean good, neither is it bad by definition. It's just what the majority is doing.

Once again, what does this have to do with the story? I have to clarify that being weird is not negative by definition. Al lot of people think it is, but I strongly disagree. Let me give you an example. If in the middle of Manhattan, at Times Square for example, someone is bleeding to death. Someone you don't know. Everybody is passing by and you are walking within those people, what are you going to do?

No, stop lying to yourself, you wouldn't. Or maybe you would intervene and help that person, but then you would not behave like a normal person. The majority would walk by because it wouldn't be any of their business and wouldn't want to get involved. You don't believe me? Look it up: it's called 'the bystander effect'. The point is, in that situation the normal thing to do is not helping that person. If you would offer some help, you would be doing something weird, but at least, it would be the right thing to do.

Just saying, not all normal things are good and not all weird things are bad. That's why nowadays I don't understand why I wanted to be normal so badly those days. I looked up the characteristics of autism, and made sure I would do the opposite in every situation. I wanted to be completely normal and wanted to prove it badly.
