# An offensive year

When the sixth and last year of high school started, I could almost smell it, the smell of freedom. It felt like I was going to escape from prison in less than a year. I convinced myself, this year I won't let anything happen. From that moment, I wanted to decide what would happen and wouldn't happen during school hours. I still thought everybody hated me but I also started thinking why that even mattered. It was gonna end soon and then I could pursuit my dreams. It was the year I finally dared to stand up for myself.

I really hated my school and I started attacking the school board and the school itself in a way they weren't used to. I created a fake Ebay-website where I claimed to sell the school. The entire page was complete satire and I wrote down a lot of frustrations in the description. I called all pupils hypocrites and wrote that the school couldn't care less about its students. Well at least, that's how I felt, because they seemed to care more about their PR than their pupils.

At home, I created my own internet radio station: radio dejakob. I couldn't talk myself, my family would notice, so I used speech technology if I had something to say. I prank called classmates as well as some teachers. One time, I even broadcasted my mother yelling on the radio with a microphone I had hidden under the living table. Besides my internet radio, I also played tapes on the school radio, where I also used my creativity. Why? Because I had enough of it. All of it. I wanted to do at least something evil before Satan released me out of hell.

One time, I took it a bit too far. One day before the 100 days event, I released my own magazine at school. It was full of stories I made up myself along with more criticism I had about the school and its people. I made up a story they overcharged pupils for copies and used the money to improve their PR and to buy all teachers costumes. All pupils thought it was hilarious, but the principal didn't like it that much. I got off with a serious warning that time.

Another day, some teachers hang some cardboards on the roof stating something like 'no bullying here'. I got mad again, slammed at it and took it down. That almost caused me half a day of detention. I got three negative points, if I got another one, I had to spend time in detention. The fact they punished me for it, got me outraged. So, I used the frustrations, the aggression and turned them into a Facebook game. A game where you could 'punch the cardboard' with the goal to earn as much negative points in a minute. They created a very mad person and they had to learn how to deal with it.

So, my last year, I failed both chemistry a physics, had a very low average score, but graduated anyhow. Somehow I felt they just didn't want to deal with me any longer.
