# 24th of April, 2012

This story starts at the evening of a simple Tuesday, the 24th of April in 2012. The sorority Gaudini, was organizing a what they liked to call 'cantus'. If you don't know that term, let me explain pretty easy. Think about a priest who is singing to all catholics in a church. Only replace the priest with a drunk student, who failed his exams a couple of times, and imagine everybody drinking and swimming in beer. Don't judge me, it's something students do, well at least some of them.

It wasn't the first cantus I went to, so I pretty much knew what was going to happen. I didn't love the concept, but it was a way to come out of that small dorm room and see the world. At first, it seemed like a lot of people were not going to show up. Eventually, I saw Kelly and Jeffrey showing up along with Thomas, the guy who was probably going to be the 'professional provider of bedrooms for drunk' people once more. Honestly, that wasn't my problem. The most important thing was Kelly's presence. Hopefully, I could finally find a way to force her to love me. Like an algorithm, something once you figured it out, you could execute over and over again.

I don't remember what went faster, people getting drunk or the evening turning into night. Anyhow, both happened quite simultaneously. I was getting drunk as well, but the alcohol had another effect on me than on the other students. While everyone else got more open and happy, I felt sad and disconnected. It was just like everyone was having fun except me. Especially Kelly was having a lot of fun, but without me. Whenever I tried getting close to her, she ignored me and made it clear she wanted me to annoy someone else. But apparently no one else wanted to be annoyed by me. It's ironic how lonely a person can be while being surrounded by so many people.

What was wrong with me? Why was I always looking for attention? Why didn't anyone else need attention? There were so many questions kept unanswered that night. Eventually after a lot of alcohol and probably a lot of weird stuff I did, the cantus came to an end. Some people went to an afterparty and as expected, Jeffrey and Kelly were heading to Thomas place for a sleepover. It seemed like I was the only lonely guy again. Then I started going home, alone. Except for the fact that my feed were leading me in the opposite direction: the direction of the river.

While walking, I started thinking. What was the point in all of this? Why fighting for attention and never receiving it? How could I be that disconnected from the world and all species living on it? I could have just gone home at that moment, but the same question kept on coming: why? What's was the point in going home, getting up in the morning, going to school if I wasn't making anyone happy be doing so, especially not myself. So while walking this small path, I walked besides a bridge. The bridge was built so the train could cross the river. The bridge had a specific meaning, unlike me.

Before that evening, I thought a lot of times about taking a step aside. Just a thought, that pops up, but eventually you convince yourself of trying one more time. Well that's sober thinking of course, but I wasn't sober that evening. I had 0,14% alcohol in my blood and because of that I had more what should we call it, courage? How I knew the exact amount of alcohol? I'll get back to that in a minute. First things first...

I climbed on the bridge and started walking over the train tracks. I knew this place pretty well, the train from my home to the city crossed by that place. I laid myself down, in the middle of the tracks. With the amount I drank earlier that night, I would fall asleep real quick and would probably never notice if something would, you know, happen.

Somewhat later, I woke up again. I knew why I was there and how I got there, but I was somehow shocked that I was actually doing it. Now the self convincing part started to work, convincing myself to get away from there. I looked down from the bridge and noticed I had no clue how to get down again as well as how I got up there in the first place. I called Alex, a student who also had a dorm in the same building. He helped me before and had just returned from his study adventure in China.

Alex asked me where he could find me. In no way I was gonna mention the train tracks, so I just said that I was close to the train station. He promised me to pick me up there so I tried to get there as soon as possible. The fastest way to get from there to the station? Jup, just following the tracks, was the idea of the night. While running, I was crying and screaming for help. It probably made no sense, but I needed help, badly.

When I arrived close to the station, I climbed over a fence and ran the rest via the streets to make sure Alex wouldn't see what was going on. A couple of minutes later, I saw his car. There was a friend with him, so I didn't really dare to say that much. He drove us to our dorms and I went inside as quickly as possible.

In my dorm room, I started crying again, badly, I even started to have problems breathing. I was getting afraid of myself and decided to go to the hospital, in the middle of the night. It was close to my dorm, so it was a short walk and no one would notice. When there, I had no idea what I had to do there. I mean, I wasn't bleeding, didn't had a car crash or wasn't ill. Or maybe I was getting ill, but only on the inside. A nurse saw me getting lost on the ambulance parking and asked me if everything was alright. Even more tears, how was that even possible? Then there were those words: 'I tried to kill myself'.

The nurse was pretty friendly and took me more serious than I was expecting. He asked me to come inside where a colleague could help me further. She asked if she could call a family member, my mom for example. I gave her my moms phone number, without thinking about what her reaction could be. Apparently, she wanted to come over, which was insane. It was in the middle of the night and she lived like 1,5 hour away from there. The nurse asked me if I knew someone else who could be there somewhat quicker. I doubted at first if I should bother him once again, but eventually called Alex once more. Somewhat later, I realized I had no wallet with me because I asked Kelly to take care of it at the beginning of the evening. Weird, but she was taking care of everyones wallet, so also mine. That led me to text her as well, which made everything a little more complicated.

Alex was the first one to show up and asked me what happened. I tried to explain briefly and he admitted he already thought something was up. He tried to get some sense into my head. Like why would I even think about it? I had good grades, my dorm mates were pretty adorable, I had good future perspectives and I could be funny sometimes. Well, all of that did make me feel better, but what happened, still happened and could no longer be ignored. I needed help, serious help.

A bit later, Jeffrey and Thomas showed up, with my wallet. Kelly apparently didn't really bother bringing it herself. Jeffrey asked me what I was doing in the hospital. He told me that I shouldn't be there and asked me to leave. I told him I couldn't but he didn't really seem to understand. Since I couldn't really get their support, I thanked them for bringing my wallet and asked them to leave, which they did. Alex kept on convincing me that I had to change my mindset and had to look for help.

An hour later, my mother also made her entrance at the hospital and I don't know how or why, but I hugged her. I guess I really needed a hug, which wasn't really my thing, honestly. Then she kept on asking why but I could not explain, it was just too complicated. After she kept on asking I eventually said Kelly's name, which was pretty unfortunate. Kelly was not the only reason all of that happened. Well, of course she didn't help preventing any of it, but saying she was the one and only cause of it, was giving her too much credit. My mother also could be considered a reason, but I'll get back to that later. Alex had to leave eventually so I ended up alone with my mother. The hospital I walked to, wasn't the correct one for, you know, mentally ill people. They had to transport me to another hospital and my mom followed me.

The next morning, after at least some hours of sleep, my mother was back there again and I wanted her to leave. I didn't dare to say anything and just kept on laying there, in a bed in the psychiatric department of the hospital. She told me there was a family party in the weekend and some other stuff. I had no interest in a family party or anything related to my family in matter of fact. However, I kept on listening and hoping the day would be over soon.

Yet another nurse came by and asked me to come with her. She dropped me at a waiting room and asked to wait. I apparently reached the level of the procedure where I could explain everything to a psychologist. My experiences with psychologists weren't that great as I saw one the day before in the morning and felt pretty misunderstood. This one seemed a nice person, but I still didn't dare to tell the entire story. I told her a bunch of nothings, but had to promise her to see someone before I could leave the hospital. She even made an appointment with a psychologist before she let me leave.

The ride home, together with my mother, was pretty silent, which I appreciated. I really didn't want to talk about it. I wanted to go back to school, to start over, to forget what happened and move on. However, that Wednesday, I had to stay home for the rest of the day. When home, I went to the bathroom, started filling the bathtub and started charging my phone. While the bath was filling with water, I went online to check Facebook. Apparently Kelly and her friend Caroline posted a clip of me online where I was showing my ass while being completely drunk.

That particular moment, I had no idea what to do. They didn't show any mercy and that shocked me. How could I start over if that was online? How could they possibly think all of what happened was a joke? How could I possibly convince them that I actually went through some pain and they had to give me a break? Then I started thinking about hurting myself but yet another time I could convince myself to relax instead.

After taking a bath and washing all trouble away, I went to my mom and told her I wanted to go back to school the next day. She told me it wasn't a good idea, but eventually let me and informed my mentor about what happened. Also, I asked Alex to inform my two other friends from the dorm building: Jolien and Maarten.
